Howard's
Sleeping- discuss.
What do you think of today?
I'm lonely.
I'm in a good mood.
Oh, Sato.
You know, I'm playing the lonesome.
I'm in a good mood.
Yes.
It's so stupid.
I'm not in a good mood.
I'm so tired.
I'm going to die.
I'm so tired that I'm going to die.
Sato, I have something to tell you.
I'm sorry.
I don't like it when you're so tired.
I don't have anything else to say.
I'll hear it someday.
I was thinking.
I'm so happy.
It's like a love story.
I think it's a love story.
It's so fast.
I've been in love with you for three years.
I've been in love with you since I was a child.
I'm so happy to know each other.
I'm so happy.
I don't have anything else to say.
What?
I've been in love with you since I was a child.
I'm so happy.